While many online communication
services allow you to make audio
and video calls to other people,
in most cases the people you're
calling need to be using the
same service.
For example, in the popular
WhatsApp communication tool, you
can call other WhatsApp users,
but only call other WhatsApp
users.
Kye on the other hand is one of
the few communication tools
where in addition to texting and
calling other Kye users, you can
also call actual phone numbers.
O from Kye you can call your
friends and family, the store,
down the street or in another
state or any business or person
who may not have Kye but who
does have a phone number.
Now while calls between Kye
users are free, calls from Kye
to phone numbers require you to
urchase Kye Credit or a Kye
subscription.
You can find the rates for your
country by going to Kyecom and
here clicking Kye to phone.
Then select your country and
here you'll see the rates for
Kye Credits and Subscription's.
If you just want to try out
calling phones from Skype
though, you can make a call U to
5 minutes in length for free.
Just sign in to Skype and click
the dial ad button.
Then enter the phone number you
want to call and notice it says
here I can talk for 5 minutes
for free.
I'll click the call button.
Hi, you've reached the National
Weather Service in Ocfront,
California for a recording of
the current weather forecast
RESS 1.
We'll just hang U on that for
now, but that's how easy it is
to call a phone number from Kye.
Again, if this is something you
think you'll frequently do, be
sure to look into purchasing Kye
Credits or a subscription.